ABBY (Voiceover):
Feels weird to be going face to face
with Kathy and her team without Kelly.
I still think she's coming back.
You will sit here and
say that is not your seat
I want Kelly back, when
she constantly runs out
on this team with her children.
Your 9 to 11 Small Group Power
Champion will be Open Waters,
[inaudible].
I can get in your face, too.
Why bother?
Because I'm talking about my son.
Kelly, Brooke, and Paige
are part of the team.
Everybody here wants them.
Don't you think it hurts me?
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Coming up on "Dance Moms."
This week, the competition
is in Orlando, Florida.
Leslie, we just want to know
why you want your 15-year-old
to dance with our seven-year-old?
What I'm telling you is
between you and I right now.
You are hurting my daughter.
The Abby Lee Dance Company
has one president.
I rule this Abby Lee Dance Company.
When opportunity comes knocking,
you better take advantage of it.
Shame on you.
[THEME - LIVING ON THE DANCE
FLOOR, "NIKKO LOWE"]
THEME SONG: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
ABBY LEE MILLER: Come on, girls.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
Let's be happy and think
about our victory, shall we?
[applause]
The Abby Lee Dance Company is on a roll.
The kids get better, they get
stronger every single day.
We beat Kathy without Kelly's kids.
Now you did a group routine,
and that group routine was outstanding.
Not only did we beat the Crabapples,
I think that you worked
together on a whole.
And I think Payton, what
you bring to the team
is that you want to be here.
Were we missing two team members?
Yeah, Brooke and Paige.
They don't want to be here.
The Supremes, The
Temptations, even The Beatles
replaced people in the group.
Keep that in mind.
I really don't like the way Abby's acting.
2She's acting like Kelly and her girls
are going to be replaced
by Payton and Leslie.
Brooke and Paige have danced for
the ALDC since they were three.
They're not replaceable.
First we have Brooke.
No apology, no text.
And I know she has her phone with her.
Brooke's 15 years old.
he knows what's going on, and
she knows right from wrong.
And that leads me to Paige.
If Paige wanted to dance, Paige
would have come to dance class.
All right, moving on.
Payton.
In the dressing room at the competition,
I heard a little smart mouth.
Just so all of you know, my name's Payton.
It's not Kendall, it's not Brooke.
It's none of you.
It's Payton.
WOMAN: Yes.
Yes.
She wasn't getting smart.
She was just letting you know her name.
I know her name's Payton.
Then call her Payton.
Not Kendall, not Brooke. Payton.
How about if I call her replaceable?
Now, we have Asia.
Asia, finally you did the
choreography you were given.
You didn't pull focus.
But I think whatever you do in the future,
you need to do both.
You need to be a star when
that opportunity is available,
and I need you to be an ensemble dancer
and learn how to take
direction when it calls for it.
And last on the bottom
rung here is MacKenzie.
MacKenzie, you also did a
great job in the group routine.
I'm floored that Kenzie's
above Asia right now
because Asia, that is not her style.
MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: That's
not Kenzie's style either.
I'm just curious to see
why Kenzie's above her now.
They're on the same row.
But it does make a difference.
I just disagree I think Asia
danced with this group better,
and she was in a style that
she is not normally in.
And she pulled it off.
Well, MacKenzie, you got on the prop,
you had to jump off the prop.
She did the chin stand on the prop
and she did an aerial off the prop.
That's why she's ahead of her.
I don't think Kristie Ray had a right
to be mad that MacKenzie
was higher than Asia.
And Abby said because
she didn't stick out.
She just was basic, just
like the other kids.
And next.
We have Chloe.
Now, Chloe, you did
well in the group dance,
and you also did well in the trio.
Sometimes you win the
battle, but you lose the war.
And next we have Maddie.
You do everything right.
But if you're up here
all the time winning,
you're going to quit working.
Maddie needs to keep pushing herself,
and if she keeps winning all the time,
she might end up just like Brooke.
You've been using that
face for lyrical routines
for the last how many competitions?
But I want to see you dig
just a little bit deeper.
I want to see your facial
expressions change.
Maddie needs to stay hungry.
I have seen way too many students peak
when they're 12 years old.
I am not going to let
that happen to Maddie.
If you win too much when you're
little, you quit working.
Next, we're moving on to Kendall.
Last week, you were on top of the pyramid.
You did a trio, you did a group routine.
Outstanding.
And your mother, she stood
in that dressing room
and she had to take some
really nasty, horrible crap.
And your mother stood up for me.
She stood up for the rest of the team.
I hate fighting with Kathy and her moms,
but if it's going to keep Kendall
towards the top of the
pyramid, it's worth the battle.
I think somebody is
waiting with bated breath.
And the top of the pyramid is Nia.
Now I'm sure that all of
you are wondering why Nia
is at the top of the pyramid.
Nia is the only child that
came to me at the conclusion
of the competition and
said, what can I do better?
Were there any mistakes that I made
in the trio or in the group dance?
Yes, you were too far away at the end.
So, Nia, congratulations.
[applause]
I can't remember the last time
that I was on the top of the pyramid.
I've worked so hard and it's great
that Abby finally sees that.
I have good news.
This week, the competition
is in Orlando, Florida.
[cheering]
Woohoo!
I love Orlando.
I have a house there.
My mom's there right now. I'm there.
Everyone is in the group routine.
[applause]
The name of the group
or team is On The Verge.
Sometimes there comes a
moment when you lose it.
You saw a woman you know very
well spiraling out of control.
Never in 40 years of being in
the Abby Lee Dance Company
has anyone been given a solo the
day of the [bleep] recital. Ever!
You're out. You're out. Call the police.
Get her out of here.
How many people are walking
around on the verge?
The group dance this week
is called On The Verge.
I'm on the verge of needing a drink.
Now I have three solos.
Chloe, your featured trio was outstanding.
So this week, you're going to be
doing a solo entitled Fired Up.
It has a Latin influence.
I'm really excited to have a solo,
but I've never done a Latin routine,
so I don't know what's going to happen.
Kendall, you will be performing a solo.
It will be contemporary
lyrical, and the routine is called
"Under My Spell."
I am so excited that Kendall's
given a lyrical solo this week.
The lyrical solos are
usually reserved for Maddie.
This is a huge opportunity for Kendall
to prove that she can handle a Maddie solo
and score well with it.
And I have one more solo.
Nia.
[applause]
WOMAN: Yay, Nia.
Finally.
Nia, it's been a long time
since you've had a solo.
And I remember a while back
that you and the other moms
and everybody thought
that it would be just wonderful
to pay tribute to Broadway Baby.
I disagreed.
I didn't think the timing was right.
I might be seeing Broadway Baby again.
I mean that I had Broadway Baby preserved.
But what I'm getting to Nia,
is that you are going
to do a Broadway Baby routine.
WOMAN: Aww.
[applause]
I have to find my pillow case.
My girls and I were very
close to Broadway Baby.
We took care of her when she was sick,
and I was devastated when she passed.
Maddie would've loved to have done
a tribute to Broadway Baby
but I know that Abby's just
trying to teach her a lesson.
All right, girls, we are
four weeks away from nationals,
but it's time that I start looking for
who's going to be doing a solo
when we get there.
I'll be watching you.
Let's spread apart.
Let's start warming up.
Moms, go ahead.
[music playing]
What if you didn't brush, wack, threw
that leg behind you and use your momentum?
on The Verge is a very difficult piece.
It's about women on the
verge of a breakdown,
and I think the kids are going to do
a great job with this piece.
Take your body lower. Your left shoulder.
Come on, think.
Figure out what you're doing.
Why can't you stay there?
You know it's kind of funny?
Is I've never seen Abby put anybody
like third spot on the pyramid
like she did Maddie for being too perfect.
[laughter]
Did anybody else catch that?
I mean, it's weird because Maddie
should have been at the top
but every week it's something.
Excuse me, Melissa,
did you really just say
Maddie should have been
at the top of the pyramid?
I know you're freaking out because Maddie
didn't get the Broadway Baby solo
or any solo for that matter
maybe all that poop scooping
really didn't pay off, did it?
Because Nia's the one doing the solo.
Really happy for Nia that she has a solo.
That's an enormous responsibility,
to do a tribute for Broadway Baby.
It better be good and perfect
because she will hold her to it.
Really, these moms are too much.
Holly's been begging
for a solo for months.
Now Nia has a solo, and now
it's too much responsibility.
Asia can dance with any subject matter
with no complaints
it's because she's a professional.
Whoa now, slow down. She's seven,
you're 15. You're in charge.
If you can't do this to her-- come here.
If you can't do this and slow her down,
you're not a leader.
Brooke wasn't a
leader.
I needed her to step up and
take charge of this team and she didn't.
Sorry, I have to go here.
I just think once you've left 3 times,
there's got to be a time where you leave
and you are not welcomed back.
Being on the elite competition team
is a great opportunity for any dancer,
and Kelly is not going to take
that away from my daughter.
Not one of you women
feel just a tad bit upset
that she constantly picks
up and leaves this team?
Well, Leslie, you're also just
desperate to be on the team.
So say what you mean, you don't like me?
Leslie better be careful, you know?
She's really not a member of this team,
and the last thing she wants to
do is make an enemy out of me.
OK, Christi.
[music playing]
(SINGING) [inaudible]
Where's Abby?
Is she still not in today?
[interposing voices]
JILL VERTES: Still. Nope.
Abby really needs to be here.
The girls have nationals coming up,
and they really need Abby in
the studio as much as possible
if these girls are going to
stand a chance.
- Hello, how are you?
- TAXIDERMIST: Hey, Abby.
It's good to see you.
I'm picking up Broadway Baby today,
and I don't know how I feel about this.
I'd forgot kind of what this looked like.
I remember walking in the
first time going, whoa.
It's still a little unsettling.
I'm frightened.
I don't want to be disappointed.
I don't want to be sad.
Oh, this is my mom, Maryen Lorrain.
- Hello, nice to meet you, ma'am.
- Nice to meet you, too.
I want this to be a happy thing.
A good thing.
I want Broadway Baby to be preserved
the way I remember her.
Alright, I'll give you just a few moments
and then I'll be back, okay?
TAXIDERMIST: All right.
ABBY : I don't know what
we're going to do with her now.
Well, we're going to take her home
and put her in front of the TV here
she likes to watch the television.
Oh.
Oh my God, how beautiful?
MARYEN MILLER: Oh, Baby.
You are beautiful.
TAXIDERMIST: Those eyes especially
are very special eyes that I ordered,
you know, specifically for her.
Oh, I think they did a fabulous job.
From what she looked like at the hospital
to now, she looks beautiful.
- She looks like $100.
- Look at her. Look at her fur.
Oh, she had a good life,
but I should have put her in commercials.
ABBY: Leave it open
so she couldn't breathe.
TAXIDERMIST: OK.
[laughter]
[music playing]
Oh, looks who calling me.
- Kelly.
- Hello?
- HOLLY FRAZIER: Hey, Kel.
- Hello.
What you doing?
Oh.
All right, well, I'm there.
I know Kelly is still mad at me
because I didn't speak up
to Abby when she pulled Paige's solo
from the recital and
pushed Maddie into doing hers.
But I had to do what I had to do.
JILL VERTES: Can we talk
you into coming back?
Well, that's nice of you, thanks.
- HOLLY FRAZIER: Thanks for an invitation.
- Bye.
- All right, bye Kel.
Melissa, do you feel bad that
Kelly didn't invite you over?
Well, of course. I mean, I've been
her friend for years
so it hurts me, but--
- LESLIE ACKERMAN: I'm hurt, too.
- Well, she doesn't know you're here.
I'm jagging, Melissa.
Do you think Kelly would invite me over?
I didn't get invited to Kelly's house.
[whines]
Well, you were a jerk to her kids.
Hm.
Maybe there's a reason.
Maybe she wants to talk about something.
It's not like her just to identify
just one or two people.
She knows that Melissa's close with Abby.
It's OK. It's her choice.
It's her house.
Hey, guys, how's it going?
What the cat dragged in.
Chloe, you just screwed that up.
Sloppy feet.
Are you ladies going to go to
Kelly's and talk about Leslie's
we miss Brooke
and we want Brooke back,
are you going to do that?
Is that what you're going to do?
JILL VERTES: No, are
you paranoid about that?
I'm fine sitting in Kelly's seat for now.
I'm going to try to keep a seat
for as long as I can, if not forever.
So we'll see where it goes from here.
I'm not going anywhere, I'm staying.
I don't care if Brooke
and Paige come back.
But you're really not
on the team, you know?
I mean, you're only here to fill in.
And you keep saying
you're OK with filling in,
and then all of a sudden you
say, oh, no, I'm here to stay.
And this is deja vu because
I've been here many of times
and you keep telling me I'm not on.
BOTH: But you're not on the team, Leslie.
I'm on the team.
I have traveled with you how many times?
No, you're traveling with the team.
You're not on the team.
If you were on the team,
Abby would have given you the jacket.
Nia, let's go.
Get in here come on.
Nia is doing a tribute to Broadway Baby.
I feel that the timing is right.
It's going to be a wonderful number.
[jazz music]
One, two, three, step back
on your left foot and ditch
like you're just going to step back, pop,
and you just break that knee. Boom.
Two, three, shoulder,
five, six, seven and eight.
And, one.
So what happened?
You didn't come out far enough.
You have to get to the middle.
Shut, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Nope, you roll.
Oh my God.
This is three times we're
doing the same thing.
If you don't do this right, no solo.
I'm not saying anything.
I'm not. I'm not.
No solo. I'm finished.
Get Kendall.
Next.
- No, she didn't.
- Why did she pull Nia's solo?
Go. Go.
I'll think about it, I promise.
I'll think about it.
I'll think about it. Go.
Excuse me.
I'm going to go down there to
find out what Abby thinks she's doing
doing, because she's definitely
not pulling Nia's solo.
If you want to do the
solo, I expect more from you.
If I tell somebody to do
something once, I want it done.
Twice?
I'm a little aggravated.
Five times?
Maybe you shouldn't be doing it.
I did it in the room.
I did it.
At this point, she's taking way too long
to comprehend the movement.
Abby, the solo as of now is pulled--
You want to be Kelly?
We want to start pulling
solos all the time?
I didn't pull the solo.
You pulled the solo.
No.
We have Selective hearing
because I never said that.
Abby, I'm pretty sure you're the only one
with selective hearing, because
if you hadn't said that
you were pulling the solo,
we wouldn't be having
this conversation right now.
I need you to be more on the ball.
I need you to see it once and nail it.
Apparently, Nia still has her
solo, and I want her to do it.
- All right, I got to go.
- Drive safe.
Thank you.
My lips are sealed.
My mouth is shut and I'm just going to
walk away while Nia still has a solo.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Oh, no, no.
I'm in Kelly's seat today.
- Why are you in Kelly's seat?
- You still have me on the end.
- I wanted to sit there.
- Well, get here.
- Kelly's seat is on the end.
- I could not see my daughter yesterday.
Oh, wa-wa-wa.
If I were Leslie, I would
just shut up and be happy
that I was here for the moment.
I think you guys are lucky, though.
I would love and die for Payton
to be getting this special attention.
All these critiques are better
than no attention at all.
My name is Leslie and I beg, beg, beg
for my daughter Payton to be on
the team, and blah blah blah.
And I annoy the crap out of everyone.
Chloe, let's see.
Come here.
If Chloe drops that fan,
I'm moving to South America.
- Here you are complaining again.
- No, Leslie, I'm not complaining.
All I said was if Chloe drops the fan,
I'm moving to South America
because of what happened when
she dropped the hat.
But you wouldn't know,
because you weren't here
because you're not really on the team.
No, I am on the team. I'm here.
You're speaking to me. I'm on this team.
You weren't on the team back then.
But I am now.
I want to see mysterious,
flirtatious, ready to dance.
Go.
Chloe's solo is called Fired Up.
It's a Spanish routine.
I want her to learn proper
Spanish arms, some new steps,
and she can use a lot of
ballet technique in this solo.
Big.
Takes up four counts.
Change your face. Smile.
Now mean on the tango. It's serious.
It's just this.
You got to give me that whole Spanish.
It's very confident. That's what I want
to see when you come on that stage.
You're dancing with your whole body.
You're dancing with your face.
You're telling the story. Okay?
- You're finished.
- Thank you.
You know, Kristie, you and I are
kind of like in the same boat.
Does it bother you that Asia just doesn't
get that time with the solo?
Leslie is unbelievable.
Other than Maddie, if there's
one other child
that's gotten preferential treatment,
it's Asia.
Abby said before Asia can
take the world by storm,
she has to learn to
perform in a group dance.
What are you here for?
For Asia to dance with the
team, or to learn from Abby?
- I'm just curious.
- Let me just make a statement.
Asia's seven.
She did amazing in last week's group.
And so when Abby says a comment like that,
she contradicts herself from week to week.
So I'm used to it, and those comments
don't bother me
because Asia's already proved herself.
I hope that answers your questions, Jill.
Because if you want to keep
talking about my motivations
of being on this team, I
have answers for you outside.
Kendall, I don't want to see that
left foot slamming into the ground.
That's what you're showing us.
All right, let's go again. You ready?
Kendall's solo is called Under My Spell.
It's a contemporary lyrical routine,
but it has a little bit of
sass, a little bit of mystery.
She's going to put the
judges under her spell.
Long neck, shoulders down.
Longer neck.
What is your face telling me?
You keep letting that all overcome you.
What do you doing?
Shoulders down.
You have today to come up
with three facial expressions.
Is it scary? Is it spooky?
I don't see anything.
Maybe you should go ask
Asia about the face.
Well, I'm excited to see Kelly tonight.
Holly, Jill, are you guys
are excited to see her?
I am.
I do think it's interesting
that she didn't--
do you think she deliberately
did not invite Melissa?
- Well, yeah.
- You think that was deliberate?
You going to call her and
just try to clear things up so you can--
I did call her.
Kelly's refusing to talk to me.
She didn't invite me to
her house for drinks.
I didn't really care.
We've been friends for so many years,
and we've gone through a lot together.
And she's been there for me,
and I've been there for her.
And, you know, we'll just
have to get through it.
All right, well, I think, Jill and Holly,
we need to get ready to go to Kelly's.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: We're the only three
months this week with children solos.
That's right.
High five.
I had some of the moms come over just
to discuss my situation that I have
at the studio, and with Abby.
So what have your kids been doing?
Brooke's been doing her songs.
The one song is almost
done being recorded.
[gasps]
That's exciting.
BROOKE HYLAND: (SINGING) Knows who I am.
Because I hurt.
Yeah, I hurt all over my body.
Already you have--
Oh my God, you've been gone two weeks
and look what she's done.
- That's terrific.
- JILL VERTES: That's amazing actually.
Thank you. Thank you.
- That's very impressive.
- So you will come back?
I'm not fighting with Abby, and
I'm not asking her to come back.
Paige and Brooke are
already on the pyramid.
Their shots are there.
Their photos are up.
Abby, whether she wants
to admit it or not
she wants those girls on the team.
So what do I do
if I come to the competition
and she makes a big stink about it?
Oh, she will.
What if we gave her one
free punch at Melissa?
- That won't lure you back?
- It would be at Abby.
The things that Abby and Melissa
do are hurting all of our kids.
I just want things to be
better for all of the girls.
I'm not going to invite all
over my home, when a week ago,
or two weeks ago, you
stabbed my kid in the back
and looked right at me and was like,
"I don't know what you want me to do."
I want you to open your mouth.
As an educator, it's hard for me
to watch a parent do that in front
of a whole room full of kids.
Look, what Abby did was wrong--
But it was okay for her
to do that to my kid?
No, no, nope.
It wasn't okay for her to do that either.
Kelly's being really immature right now.
She made a spectacle, she's
being incredibly stubborn.
But right now, she needs to suck it up
and come back to the team.
OK, you said that you would
have probably thrown me out
because you are a principal and all that.
And you say I'm wrong for
sticking up for them for that?
And I feel like that's
you being against me.
I just feel like Holly sometimes
needs to get out of her mindset
that she's a teacher because you're a mom
before you're a teacher.
My kid isn't the only
kid that gets picked on.
I'm trying to just be a group
and stick up for everybody
and I just don't feel like
anybody ever backs me.
- Everybody always thinks I'm crazy.
- We do back you.
- I back you.
- No you don't.
[interposing voices]
I just can't step in
and say, yeah, Abby, yeah.
It doesn't seem like Kelly cares
about dance or being a part
of this team or anything.
If Kelly doesn't come back, that just
means more solos for Kendall.
I think both of you have seen
how well it works for Melissa
to do whatever Abby wants to keep
their kids in her good graces,
and I think that you both are
headed down that path.
Are you insane? Absolutely not.
When we all agreed not to send
our kids to Abby's West Coast Competition
I said to all of you on the phone,
I was asked.
Here and now, I said no, so I
need all of you to guarantee,
if you're asked, you're going to say no.
Abby did ask Kendall to go.
She didn't ask her to perform.
So I said no, I'm not going to go.
But if she would've been asked to perform?
I can't say that. Probably not.
It's time for me to kick this bitch out.
You need to see yourself to the door.
Did you say that?
In the past, the moms have
always stuck together.
But I don't think I can
say that any longer.
Why do you want to be
divided all the time?
I'm not divided all the time.
I didn't lay down the gauntlet.
What's the gauntlet?
Stop talking.
I'm walking out.
Why?
Don't tell me to stop talking.
- Don't leave.
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: I'm done.
ABBY LEE MILLER: We're
here in Orlando, Florida,
to attend Expressions Dance Competition.
I heard from the moms that Kelly
may show up here in Orlando.
Why on Earth would you
come to a competition
where your children weren't competing?
I think this team is the team to win,
and I don't want anybody distracting them.
Namely Kelly.
Oh this is tiny, tiny, tiny.
The last time we talked, you guys
were getting ready to
leave for Kelly's house.
What happened there?
Oh you didn't hear?
LESLIE ACKERMAN: No.
Kelly's here.
Today? Here?
- Yeah.
- Why?
The fact of the matter is Kelly
and her kids are a part of the team.
No. Let's get something straight,
the Abby Lee Dance Company
has one president, and it's me.
I rule this Abby Lee Dance Company.
When you have a quarterback that's old
and they've had a good run,
and you have a new kid sitting
on the bench, you've got to
cut the quarterback loose,
and you got to go with the new rookie.
This is the Abby Lee Dance Company.
It's my company.
It's not up to them who becomes a member.
I am so relieved to see
these adorable costumes.
Oh, Nia, beautiful.
It really sets the stage when
the kids have an amazing costume.
Nia, come here. I want to show you
Broadway Baby's picture.
All in all, I feel betrayed.
These moms always want me to support them,
but they don't include me in anything.
Well, her face, you
know, she had just haircut,
and so they like mashed it all down.
And her hair and her nails are so long.
Well, see, now you're smiling.
You weren't doing that a few months ago.
You just go do your dance, and
you celebrate and you have fun.
And you do it like it's some
man that done you wrong.
OK.
Because I got plenty of
pictures of those guys, OK?
You know, I'm looking at these
girls for nationals right now.
Chloe, Nia, Kendall, think
of this as an audition.
This is like an onstage performance
to audition to do your solo at nationals.
- OK.
- HOLLY FRAZIER: OK?
[music playing]
[applause]
Hey, girls.
Hi.
Oh, my.
JILL VERTES: Oh, my god, look who's here.
KELLY HYLAND: I'm supposed to sit here.
You are no longer a member
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I'm not moving.
Go around.
I can stand here all day.
I'm sitting there having
this confrontation with Kelly,
trying to ignore her.
And now this nincompoop is holding up
the entire competition.
She has the social graces
of an ant at a picnic.
You really want me to
climb over a seat in a dress?
I pay her for her service.
And she doesn't own
this dance competition.
If I want to go there and I want
to support my team, then I'm going.
I'm done taking her [bleep]
Well, there's 1,000 seats in here.
Put your butt in one, not this one.
Let's go.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage right now
is entry number 25 in
the Junior Solo division.
Here's Kendall with "Under My Spell."
[cheering]
[MUSIC - ANNELISE COLLETE, "YOU
GOT ME NOW"]
(SINGING) Oh, you got me weak
in the knees trying
to figure out what is going on here.
I've got my eyes set on you.
You got me feeling like
some sort of love fool,
keeping me on the edge of no return.
How many times I got
to fall before I learn?
You got me now.
I'm falling underneath your spell.
[applause]
ANNOUNCER: That was Kendall
with "Under My Spell."
HOLLY FRAZIER: Since this solo
is a tribute to Broadway Baby,
she wants to do a great job.
Nia's feeling that burden
when she gets on stage.
And she knows she has to
knock it out of the park.
ANNOUNCER: On their way to the stage right
now is entry number 27.
This is Nia with "Broadway Baby Tribute."
[applause]
[MUSIC - ERICA LEE PAGE, "BYE BYE BABY"]
(SINGING) My baby's gone.
Ain't coming back to me.
My baby's gone, gone, gone.
Sweet misery.
My baby's gone up to heaven.
And that's why I sing the blues.
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Nia's tribute
to Broadway Baby was fun and sassy.
And she was all about the
fun and all about the sass.
I just can't understand how somebody
can be so rotten and rude, and
then show up out of the blue
and say, here I am, here I am.
All the swearing and stuff
that you say on that-- ah.
KELLY HYLAND: Did you hear
what your daughter said to my daughter?
I love Mrs. Miller and I would
never want to disrespect her.
But I don't think she really realizes.
Abby never tells her mom
what she does to our kids.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage for
right now is entry number 29.
Here's Chloe with "Fired Up."
[applause]
[music playing]
[Spanish singing]
[applause]
That is entry number 29,
Chloe with "Fired Up."
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: If Abby
were to base who she chooses
to do solos at nationals
on today's performance,
I think Chloe has an amazing shot.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Well, that's
because you know me and not Mark.
- Fantastic.
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Thank you.
It's nice to have you here, Kelly.
- It really is.
- Thank you.
JILL VERTES: Leslie says you're not a part
of the team anymore because you left.
(LAUGHING) It's really
not up to Leslie, is it?
But I'm in your set and you're not.
So--
Well, thanks for keeping it warm for me.
If you come back, that doesn't
mean we're getting kicked off.
You know what, Leslie?
You can't keep coming and going.
I'm going to continue to do it as long as
Abby treats my kids the way she does.
- You are hurting my daughter.
- What am I doing to Payton?
My show up again.
KELLY HYLAND: I sat at my
house with my team members,
and they want me here.
I am more a part of this
team than you will ever be.
No you're not. You're a friend.
You're a habit that's hard to break.
Well, maybe, we should ask them.
If you're going to leave, leave.
- Everybody did fabulous.
- Thank you, Kelly.
- I'll watch the group dance.
- HOLLY FRAZIER: Thank you. Appreciate it.
And I will be supporting Payton,
whether you believe me or not.
LESLIE ACKERMAN: We all
have our own opinion
on what happened out there.
And my opinion is, I thought it
was wrong for her to show up.
It makes my daughter and I uncomfortable.
It was unnecessary.
I'm mad if Kelly gets back on this team.
Our opportunity to travel with Abby
is going to be taken away from us again.
And I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I want more than that
for my daughter Payton.
[applause]
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Oh, yay!
- KRISTIE RAY: Good job.
- CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Yay, yay, yay.
- Good job, guys.
You did good!
You did so good!
KRISTIE RAY: You should be very proud.
It has been a long time
since I've seen you on stage.
Did it feel good to be
back on stage doing a solo?
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Aw, thank you, Mackenzie.
For the first time in seven months.
[laughs]
[music playing]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Oh, my goodness.
I'm only here for a moment.
- Where are Kendall and Nia?
- HOLLY FRAZIER: They're in the bathroom.
Oh, look at this gorgeous group of girls!
Maddie, were you bored
not doing a solo today?
Or was it nice rest?
Well--
It was weird not doing one.
Yeah, I want to run--
come on, I want to run the number.
I want to go watch a number.
[MUSIC - SHANNON NICOLE, "CHILD'S HEART"]
(SINGING) --all not as
strong as we pretend.
Watch the shape of the foot, Asia and
Mackenzie, as you turn that off second.
Mackenzie, when those legs go up
in the air, don't bend your knees
and flick them. They have to go
up straight.
I'm sure not impressed so far.
We're going to get beat.
[music playing]
(WHISPERING) Good luck.
Face.
[gasps] [whimpers] Stay on time.
Stay on time.
ANNOUNCER: Taking the stage
now is entry number 79.
Here they are with "On the Verge."
[applause]
[MUSIC - SHANNON NICOLE, "CHILD'S HEART"]
(SINGING) You wouldn't
mess with a child's mind.
You wouldn't be unkind.
Single file down the aisle, you're
the reason that they made
this rule, to protect us
from that smile.
This pain is anything but mild.
'Cause we're all not as
strong as we pretend.
We only bend to be--
you wouldn't mess with a child's mind.
You wouldn't be unkind.
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: I think
they did a nice job,
but the choreography was very intricate.
Sometimes simple and clean is better than
difficult and sloppy.
[music playing]
Woo!
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: Your mama wants a solo.
[cheering]
KRISTIE RAY: Asia looked at me on stage
like she wanted to battle her mother.
I'm gonna make sure she knows
who the big queen bee is.
And you know what?
She was crying at the end of that battle.
Moving into our Junior
division, where we we'll
be giving out the top 10 solos.
Ninth place, with a
score of 280.74 points,
entry number 27, "Bye Bye Baby."
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Nia was
lucky to make the top 10.
That technique needs to come
up to the teenage level.
Because if it doesn't, you're
going to be singing the blues.
Sixth place, entry number 17, "Blackbird."
[applause]
Fifth place, with a score of
283.7 points, entry number 25,
"Under My Spell."
[applause]
- ABBY LEE MILLER: Fifth?
- MELISSA ZIEGLER-GISONI: Fifth.
JILL VERTES: I'm pleased with the solo.
She's got a lot more in her.
I know she can do better.
Third place, entry number
57, "Lifesized Ghosts."
[applause]
You're top 2.
Good job.
ANNOUNCER: Second place,
entry number 49, "Fired Up."
[applause]
That's you.
Wait, number 49?, "Fired Up"?
I'm so proud of Chloe that she got second
in the Teen category.
I thought she was amazing, and
I think she should be really
proud of where she placed.
Moving into our Junior Small
Group, in the fifth place,
entry number 77, "It Don't Mean a Thing."
[applause]
Fourth place, entry
number 79, "On the Verge."
[applause]
ABBY LEE MILLER: Fourth place?
The only thing worse than fourth place
would be Kelly crashing the competition.
[applause]
I think I've had enough.
It's time for me to go home.
LESLIE ACKERMAN: So what did
we think of the number, ladies?
I liked it.
- I thought it was really good.
- I loved it.
JILL VERTES: It was.
- Thank you.
This is Payton's second
week now with the team--
not on the team, with the team.
[music playing]
Just saying.
It's very difficult
coming in to you ladies.
You ladies have this pact.
And it's known.
You've run quite a few people off,
including myself a few times.
KELLY HYLAND: When you're
here, I'm not here.
Because that's the reason you're
here, is replacing Brooke.
Why?
Why be here then?
If-- you know this is happening with Abby.
Because I'm part of this team.
And my kids are part of this team.
And we're going to be part of this team,
whether Abby likes it or not.
CHRISTI LUKASIAK: The truth
is, we're really not a team
without Kelly and her girls.
And frankly, I'm afraid to
go to nationals without them.
I want them back.
You wouldn't like me on this team anyway,
though, because I would
do everything for my kid.
I won't hurt your kids.
But if my child gets an
opportunity, I'm taking it.
HOLLY FRAZIER: We're not
just raising dancers.
We're raising people.
No matter how much I want
Nia to succeed in life,
if she's not a good
person, then I have failed.
And that might be the reason
why Leslie doesn't quite fit in here.
Even Melissa and Jill the
biggest dance moms around,
want more for their daughters
than stardom or fame.
I'd rather be who I am and
be not a success on Broadway
because I can look myself in the mirror
rather than dance on a stage.
LESLIE ACKERMAN: When
opportunity comes knocking,
you better take advantage of it.
- What kind of kid are you raising?
- I want my daughter to have this.
Shame on you.
KRISTIE RAY: OK, well, I'm
gonna be open right now.
I'm tired of this chitchat.
And if my daughter doesn't get a solo,
then I'll leave and take
the next opportunity and work in LA.
- LESLIE ACKERMAN: What're you talking--
- I'm tired of this chat.
LESLIE ACKERMAN: Why are you leaving?
I'm just tired of this chat.
All the fighting, the
complaining, the unhappiness,
I just had enough.
Peace.
ABBY LEE MILLER (VOICEOVER):
Next on "Dance Moms"--
- So is Abby here?
- I don't know.
My seat's over here.
- I'm not moving.
- KELLY HYLAND: You're a fill-in.
No, I'm here.
I texted her, and she said that you
will be fired from this dance studio
if you choreograph that dance.
I don't care where the [bleep] she works.
Oh, oh, oh!
[cheering]
She has made it clear she doesn't care
about our kids or her team.
Brooke, there's nothing we can do.
Don't cry.